Interviews:

Person 1: Richard

While he's watching the news or is on some website, he hates it when he has to enter a password for authentication. 
The problem is that he has different passwords for different for each website/service that he uses as he should.
It becomes really hard to keep track of all the passwords especially when they have to be changed every three
to four months. He then proceeds to pull out a piece of paper from his wallet that has a list of passwords for the 
different services.

Person 2: Jacob

He wishes that there is more time in a day. He wishes that there are pre answers to forms such as taxes, emails, etc.
He often forgets appointments and meetings. It would be nice if he could be reminded at every hour what he 
has to do for the day.                                                 


Person 3 & 4: Victor and Tatianna

Victor is a practicing physician while Tatianna is a housewife. Victor uses a medical application that is provided 
by his company. He has no problems with the current technologies that he is using. Tatianna feels that the 
news website/application is too cluttered. There are too many things to look at. There are ads everywhere and most 
of the articles don't interest her. Her screen is too clutered.

Person 5 & 6: Ann and John

Ann really doesn't like Yelp. she wishes that Yelp could be more like google in which she can search up, 
"What is the best restaurant in location X that serves food Y." 
They both wish there was something like a senior missing website or application that would alert you. 
Also a similar application for missing pets in which you can upload pictures and also be alerted when
a pet is found.
Ann mentioned how sometimes when she hits back, websites don't remember her location on the page.
They both don't like third party hotel booking websites because it doesn't redirect them to the hotel's
official website. This way they don't have control over the rooms and the price rates.
John mentioned that he wishes there is a yelp for hardware stores. He wishes to be able to search for something,
be able to read reviews for the products, and then be redirected to the store's website.
John also mentioned how Craigslist for the phone is really bad in that you can't upload pictures directly.

